Add Slugs to Contributing Guidelines (#5150)
simple-icons/simple-icons: CONTRIBUTING.md

<svg role="img" viewBox="0 0 24 24" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><title>Adobe Photoshop icon</title><path d="M0 .3v23.4h24V.3H0zm1 1h22v21.4H1V1.3zm4.8 4.48c0-.067.14-.116.224-.116.644-.033 1.588-.05 2.578-.05 2.772 0 3.85 1.52 3.85 3.466 0 2.54-1.842 3.63-4.102 3.63-.38 0-.51-.017-.775-.017v3.842c0 .083-.033.116-.115.116H5.916c-.083 0-.115-.03-.115-.113V5.78zm1.775 5.312c.23.016.412.016.81.016 1.17 0 2.27-.412 2.27-1.996 0-1.27-.786-1.914-2.122-1.914-.396 0-.775.016-.957.033v3.864zm8.607-1.188c-.792 0-1.056.396-1.056.726 0 .363.18.61 1.237 1.155 1.568.76 2.062 1.485 2.062 2.557 0 1.6-1.22 2.46-2.87 2.46-.876 0-1.62-.183-2.05-.43-.065-.033-.08-.082-.08-.165V14.74c0-.1.048-.133.114-.084.624.413 1.352.594 2.012.594.792 0 1.122-.33 1.122-.776 0-.363-.23-.677-1.237-1.205-1.42-.68-2.014-1.37-2.014-2.527 0-1.287 1.006-2.36 2.755-2.36.86 0 1.464.132 1.794.28.082.05.1.132.1.198v1.37c0 .083-.05.133-.15.1-.444-.264-1.1-.43-1.743-.43z"/></svg>
```

### 6. Name the Icon

> The filename of the SVG should correspond to the `<title>` used in the markup file mentioned above, and it should follow the rules below. If you're in doubt, you can always run `npm run get-filename -- Brand name` to get the correct filename.

Reviewer: When I run `npm run get-filename -- Brand name` the executed command, as is displayed by NPM is `node scripts/get-filename.js "Brand" "name"`. I think that it's a bit weird and a bad practice, why not define the example using quotes?

```suggestion
The filename of the SVG should correspond to the `<title>` used in the markup file mentioned above, and it should follow the rules below. If you're in doubt, you can always run `npm run get-filename -- "Brand name"` to get the correct filename.
```

1. Use **lowercase letters** without **whitespace**, for example:

    ```yml
    title: Adobe Photoshop
    filename: adobephotoshop.svg
    ```

1. Only use **latin** letters, for example:

    ```yml
    title: Citroën
    filename: citroen.svg
    ```

1. Replace the following symbols with their alias depending on their position in the title:

    | Symbol | Start | Middle | End  |

>     | :----: | ----- | ------ | ---- |

Reviewer: We can use the alignment for the table accordingly, what do you think?

```suggestion
    | :----: | :---- | :----: | ---: |
```

Author: Sure, why not? 🙂 Although this will be rendered moot by #5121

#### Optional Data

> If you needed to add a modifier to the icon's file name above to resolve a clash with the name of an existing icon then you will also need to add a `slug` entry to the icon's JSON and set the value to your chosen file name.

Reviewer 2: Because you use "also" in this sentence, I feel like it should come after the list of optional fields. Also I think the sentence can be improved a bit, feel free to improve upon this

```suggestion
If you used a modifier for the icon's file name to resolve a clash with the name of an existing icon then you also need to set the value of `slug` to your chosen file name to the icon's data in `_data/simple-icons.json`.
```

I'm also fine with leaving it at the beginning of this subsection, in which case "also" should be removed. However, given that the custom slug should be very uncommon I think we should put it after the data that is more common.

Author: My thinking on putting it first was that, uncommon as it may be, in cases when it is needed it is arguably more important than `guidelines` or `license` as the exclusion of `slug` will cause the linting to fail while the exclusion of either or both of the others won't. That an it also comes before the other 2 in the JSON! 🙂

Changed the wording a bit, making it a bit more succinct and added it to the other 2 bullet points.

Reviewer 2: This seems like a good compromise :+1:
